# Aderyns-Cradle-Multiplayer-Maps
Ten multiplayer maps I created for the video game Aderyn's Cradle by Mojo Game Studios (Full time: January 2016 - July 2016, part time: ongoing).

DUE TO A TECHNICAL ISSUE WITH MY PC AT THIS TIME, THE VIDEOS ARE NOT AVAILABLE. I WILL HAVE THEM UP AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.

As Aderyn's Cradle is still being worked on, I cannot post the levels for direct download. However, the videos I have posted show off the entirety of each level. This has been approved by Mojo and is being done with their blessing.

While working for Mojo Game Studios as a level designer, I was tasked with creating a suite of multiplayer maps for the game Aderyn's Cradle. These maps were all designed to fit the core mechanics of the game's multiplayer matches: short rounds of small teams with varying objectives. The levels are situated across the Aderyn's Cradle world with unique environments designed to fit each of the zones of that world. All of the levels shown are grayboxes, intended to only serve as the first, conceptual stage to be examined, critiqued, and playtested before being populated with finalized geometry, finished art assets, detailed lighting, and fully-optimized code. Although I am no longer working full-time for Mojo due to the demands of school; I am still associated with them in a part-time capacity and occasionally help out with the game's development, particularly with regards to the development of these multiplayer maps.

As mentioned above, the levels are designed to fit with the small, fast levels. While I was beholden to both the design document and the directions of the lead designer I had a great deal of freedom when building each of these levels. For the most part, I was left to my own devices when coming up with the layout and general flow of each level though, obviously, I made alterations in line with the critiques of my superiors. The general feel of each level should be that of fast-paced movement and verticality, forcing the player to keep a constant vigilance through continuous movement. I wanted the levels to require a play style similar to that of old-school FPSs, though Aderyn's Cradle is a first person melee game. Sightlines played an important part of each level, as I wanted players to either be able to see and track opponents and plan accordingly or be surprised by sudden ambushes from unseen threats. In addition, as bows are an available weapon, long, unobstructed avenues were required to accommodate projectiles. In addition to being visually appealing and aesthetically appropriate, the use of the Y axis in each level was also utilized to help with these sightlines; giving players elevated positions to fire from or track opponents.

A second key aspect is that each level is dynamic in some way or another. Through either player interactions or timed events (or both) certain aspects of the levels would change, creating new paths or destroying old ones. The goal of this was to forcibly change each the movement flow of each level; requiring players to redirect themselves in different ways. These could be anything from players destroying supports, causing an aqueduct to collapse to a steady rise of lava that would submerge the lower parts of the level. This feature initially started out as a pet project on one of the levels, but became co-opted into each of them (except for the Arena level, which was designed to be a simple, straight-forward combat zone). It was my hope that the sudden changes in environment would keep players on their toes and create dramatic moments where an event would either help or hinder them. 
